canopen_odom_creator is just an attempt to simulate the canopen_core odometry component. This could be useful for simulated on more "real life createria" and together with some data package, some navigation faults might be able to be replicated on simulation. Together with branch experiments/interface/odom on canopen_core. It is not finished but should be a nice tool to have.


controller_manager provides config files for the ros package of the same name (requires a lot of changes but it might be worthed)


multi_robot_time_estimator... this is the node which I spent more time but provides really nice features to have. It consists on a CONTRACTNET protocol to communicates robot with this, however, the scoring of this robot is based on TIME. This nodes records data and improves the accuracy over time (it is still on a development level) and throught statistics and linearization could provide a feasible time to destination(without dynamic obstacle).

To run this.... run magazino simulation, on rviz modified on the tools properties the 2dnav goal topic from /move_base_simple/goal to /move_base_simple_time/goal. Additionaly, on terminal run:

1. rosrun multi_robots_comm server.py
2. rosrun multi_robots_comm simple_client.py

I tried different estimators, on the log the ones that are shown as warning are the most accurate that I could reach. Additionaly, since a time stamped can be set into the path.. a trajectory tracker could be run over the performance of the robot allowing fault detection on monitoring execution. It is not a final version but provides a really good idea about how I look into the problem. A nice feature to do is change the ContractNet protocol to MQTT (which is more recent and it is assumed to a very light protocol). Again, this package is not official. I felt curiosity regarding this topics.


A multi-robot approach is on the ros_experiments repository.


primitives_analysis a tool that provides information about the path that has been generated by the sbpl_lattice_planner (count number of primitives).


robot_commands a pair of scripts for rotating on place or moving straight using move_base_flex.
